BOTW is renowned as one of the must play games on the Switch. It features a beautiful and vast open world experience that could suck you in for hours just exploring every part of it. In the game, you take on the role of the hero Link,who's mission is to defeat Gannon and save the kingdom of Hyrule. Along the way,you face challenges and boss battles that progress the main storyline and provide youwith skills and experiences that are helpful in your travels. This game is justinsanely immense.<span id="dots">...</span>

<div id="more" class="text">
I thought the game was amazing, well-crafted, and a lot of fun, but there were also a couple things I didn't like about it. I wasn't a fan of how big the world is. I understand this could be a huge selling point for some fans of the game and is a huge reason for it's success, but I just felt like I was spending most of my time in the game just running from one destination to the next. The combat system was pretty challenging to master in the game. Because it was so challenging, I chose to just run around the monsters in the wild instead of kicking their butts. It just takes too many resources to bother with walking up to a group of monsters and trying to beat them, just to only be rewarded with their weapons and maybe some other small supplies.

The game doesn't hold the players hand as they discover everything they can do in the world, and they can pretty much do ANYTHING. In addition to this, the game has a very non-linear playing style, where it only gives you a couple of main objectives, but it's completely up to you whether you want to do them, or in what order you do them. You could even skip straight to the final boss battle at the beginning of the game and end early if you really wanted to. I think I would've preferred a more linear style of gameplay, that would make it easier for someone to follow through with the game. When getting lost or stuck, I would need to consult with some online guides on how to proceed. It doesn't annoy me that I need to rely on other's advice on how to proceed, I just wish I wouldn't need to have a walkthrough next to me the whole time. But that's probably just me being super bad at the game.

It took me approximately 40 hours to complete the game. I definitely rush through it so I could start playing some more games on the Switch, since BOTW was basically my first game. The game was well worth $60. It makes good use of the Switch's rumble and motion controls to enrich the gameplay experience. It's challenging, but not so hard that I couldn't keep making progress through it. Because I rushed through the game, the thought of picking it up again and clocking some more hours in pops up now and then, but I don't think that'll happen. I definitely think the game is worth all the praise it's gotten, and would recommend it to any Switch owners.
</div>
