Hollow Knight is a 2D action RPG platformer. When playing this game, I was challenged with challenging platforming tasks that made me slam my desk, challenging enemies that pissed me off, and hard AF boss fights that I had to attempt multiple times. This game is absolutely insane and I LOVED PLAYING IT.<span id="dots">...</span>

<div id="more" class="text">
The part I enjoyed the most was the platforming and the exploring. Team Cherry developed this immense and beautiful world and starts off with zero hints or clues as to what's going on in the game for themselves. I happen to be super dumb, so figuring out the plot from the events around me was near impossible. However, traveling around the world was super rewarding every single time. Instead of rushing towards what I thought was the next objective, I would frequently take small moments to identify parts of the map I haven't explored and head there instead. Every time, I was rewarded with new hidden experiences as well as possibly new items or currency that would help me overcome more enemies. I would even get chills down my spine exploring certain areas because the game was that good at setting the mood and making exploring so mysterious and unpredictable.

The game is SUPER CHALLENGING and it was a struggle for me to get through most of it. There were multiple times I thought I would never be able to progress in the game until I searched up guides on how to defeat certain enemies and also invested in some more items that would make me stronger. The small enemies you find along your travels are also super annoying. The game has this system where if you die, you're sent back to the nearest save point with NO MONEY. In order to get your money back, you'll have to head back to where you died. This mechanic can get really frustrating because if you die before you can get back to your other corpse, you'll permanently lose the money that you had.

The boss battles were HARD, but I had a lot of fun playing them. There's something about overcoming such a difficult enemy in the game after so many tries that makes it so rewarding. All the bosses have unique and interesting designs with their own unique attack patterns. This made each experience different and required me to adapt in my reaction time and strategy.

While playing this game, I searched up a walkthrough of the game, which I take no shame in because being able to find my way through the game makes it much more enjoyable instead of me having to quit and never finish it. I would put down the walkthrough when I wanted to play the game myself though.

This game is worth WAY more than its $15 retail price. The length, depth, challenge, and rewards in this game are just so deep and vast. Similar games go for a much higher price. I put around 25 hours into this game, and there's still so much more of the game to be played. There's even a bunch of DLC you can dive into if you're absolutely in love with the game. It is a pretty DIFFICULT game though, so you need to have a certain level of patience and affinity for hard games for me to suggest this game to you. But for those of you that can handle it, I'd say this is an absolutely amazing game worth trying.
</div>
