Nine Parchments is a multiplayer, role-playing, shoot 'em up game where the players take on the roles of a group of apprentice wizards seeking out the lost nine parchments in order to complete their spellbooks. It contains real-time magic shooting action that requires cooperation from each player in order to successfully progress through the game, making it great to play with a group of friends.<span id="dots">...</span>

<div id="more" class="text">
I think Nine Parchments is a HIDDEN GEM in the eShop. I got it on sale for only $6 and it has brought way more value to me than its cost. I've played this game more than I have the more expensive games. Id doesn't really have too much plot to it, only the notion that you're wizards traveling the world looking for some spells. In order to do so, you progress through levels of the game, each with several challenging encounters with enemies. After a certain number of levels, you face a boss battle, and beating the boss rewards you with a new spell in your arsenal that you can use. The maps in each level are very aesthetically pleasing, which keeps me interested in exploring the world Frozenbyte has built, and the changes in the map also give clues into events in the actual story. I love it when a game lets the players discern details for themselves to figure out what's happening on their own instead of just straight up telling us. As you go through the levels, you get to unlock new playable characters, spend skill points to make your characters stronger, and find staves that you can equip. Boss battles are SUPER fun and I love how it's an interesting and different challenge each time instead of just hitting a giant monster with a lot of OP spells.

This game is... a bit of a commitment. You don't get to choose which levels you want to play. Each "runthrough" of the game requires you to go through all the levels in order, and the characters you've chosen for that run cannot be swapped out unless you start a new run which might be annoying because you start off with only 2 characters (however you can have multiple copies of a character in a run). I did my first run with just me and my roommate, and we took a couple days to finish the whole game. Later, I started another run with 3 of my friends and hope to finish it again some day.

To me, this game has a lot of replayability. Unlocking new characters makes me want to play them (which can only be done on new runs) and test out all the spells that they're able to learn. Different combinations of wizards on your team have different strengths and weaknesses in battle. There are multiple difficulty levels you can choose, one of which looks SUPER crazy in that if your entire team gets wiped out even once, you have to restart the entire game from the beginning, which seems SO STRESSFUL but probably super satisfying to beat. And for every small group of friends I have, I'm excited to think I can go on an adventure with them. The beauty of the maps never get old to me.

Issues. Some people find the friendly fire super annoying, but I think it's great. It makes you cooperate with your teammates a little, otherwise it would be very close to just playing solo and having bots on your team. It's a bit of a commitment which not everyone is into, and having to grind and progress through so many levels might bore some people out after a while. But that's about it IMO.

If you find this game on sale, I'd highly recommend grabbing it and giving it a try. Definitely one of my personal favorites that I feel strongly about.
</div>
