Like BOTW, Super Mario Odyssey is revered as one of the top must play games on the Nintendo Switch. I finally got the chance to play it and I it definitely met my expectations. It wasn't the one of the greatest games I've ever played, but it was super well crafted and I had a lot of fun exploring the worlds the creator built and solving all the puzzles and challenges.<span id="dots">...</span>

<div id="more" class="text">
The plot of the game hasn't changed much from the usual Mario plot - Princess Peach has been captured by Bowser and Mario intends on rescuing her. This time, Mario is accompanied by a new partner, Cappy. In the game, Cappy can be throw to defeat enemies as well as manifest Mario into other objects in the game which you can use to get around obstacles. Cappy adds some pretty cool and interesting mechanics to the game and was pretty fun to play with.

The most preferable way to play the game is with detached Joycons. I actually really like this, because it feels so right, and it's a game that makes use of the Switch hardware instead of just treating is as another GameBoy. It also makes the game a lot more immerseive and makes it feel like you're actualy throwing Cappy yourself. Playing it any way other than with detached Joycons feels wrong and even puts you at a slight disadvantage.

I ended up spending around 15 hours in the game and collected about 200 moons. They weren't too challenging to collect. I really enjoyed all the puzzles and challenges you had to go through to find them because it made finding each star very rewarding, and also makes exploring random parts of the world fun. Mario is a pretty linear game in the sense that there's a plot and an ending to it, but these moons encourage the player to take a break from the story and explore more of the world the developers built. It's crazy how there are a total of 999 moons built into this game, and you continuously get rewarded for finding new moons, such as unlocking new worlds post game.

The ending is super satisfying. I don't want to spoil it, but I thought the music at the end was absolutely BOMB and put a smile on my face as I was finishing up the game.

I wasn't able to put as many hours into this as BOTW, XC2, or Octopath, but I think this game is super worth it and is super fun. It can be the perfect game to take out on long commutes or random idle periods in life when you just want to go collect some moons and chill out.
</div>
