Torna the Golden Country is a standalone game that came after the release of XC2 and acts as a prequel to the original game. In this game, you get to follow Lora and Jin's adventure as they meet Addam and Mythra and go on a journey to defeat Malos. The gameplay in this game was way better than that of the original, and I wished the original game could've been like this one.<span id="dots">...</span>

<div id="more" class="text">
I found the story to be just as great as the original game. It was super exciting to see how the plot points from the original game connected back to this game; the flashbacks from XC2 literally matched up 1:1 in its prequel. It was really cool being able to walk around witness the events they only alluded to in XC2.

The combat system was so much better. It felt super intuitive switching between a driver and their blades, and switching from blade to blade. I really liked their new mechanic where you could recover a portion of your health by switching characters, because that forces you to actually play the game and think about what you need to do in combat. I really like how drivers and blades BOTH participate in battle, like your blade won't just stand there doing nothing like in XC2.

The cast was great, and I enjoyed following along the main characters of the story. I loved how your entire party throughout the whole game is limited to 9 characters (3 drivers plus their 6 blades). In XC2, there were like 1000 unlockable blades, and a total of 5 drivers in your party that it got really hard to care about some members of the group. in TTGC, there are only 9 people you can care about leveling up and growing, so it's easier to invest in them. Because there are only 9 characters in the game, the game gives you everything you need in those 9 characters. That means all the necessary field skills and driver/blade combo moves are all vested into these 9 characters instead of having to unlock blades to get what you need.

This game is great and I definitely recommend playing it. I think you'd want to play the original game, just so you can appreciate the story of this game a little more, but I understand if you just want to play this game because it's a little cheaper and the gameplay is better than the original.
</div>
