Xenoblade Chronicles 2 is a beautiful open world JRPG and one of those massive game that you could sink a hundred hours into. It features 13 hours of cutscenes alone, making it just as long as a 25 episode anime. Despite the pains in the beginning of the game, I got hooked onto the story and was determined to see it through to learn what happens on the characters journey. After finishing the game, I was left feeling super empty inside hungry for more. Really glad that I gave this game a chance, and I hope to play more JRPG's like it in the future!<span id="dots">...</span>

<div id="more" class="text">
I didn't play this game very much for the actual gameplay, just the 13 hour long anime. The world that the game built was pretty impressive and beautiful. I played the English version of the game and I can admit that the voice acting had its faults here and there, but I liked it for the most part. The story had me with so many chaotic emotions at the end and I think I cried a little. The soundtrack complimented the story and the gameplay pretty well, leading me to purchase the soundtrack of this game as well.

The combat is pretty boring. It's deep, but the game keeps throwing tutorial screens at you to learn about everything you can do in the combat system, but in the end you're sorta just standing in front of enemies AA'ing until you can press a button to perform a special move or combo. The complexity of the combat system definitely worked against itself.

Monolith stuffed way too many features into this game. There's a gatcha system which is the only way you can upgrade Poppy. There's a gatcha system with unlocking all the rare blades in the game, and having all those blades in the game seems to serve no point other than a cheap way of adding more addicting content to the game for those that care about collecting them all. There are so many side quests that I didn't really care about to do, but probably would've unlocked even more story and features from there. Monolith really lived up to their name because this game is HUGE and some of the stuff they put in here is the reason why I didn't like this game as much as XC2 TTGC.

This game seems to contain a couple of anime troupes in it. For example, the main character Rex is younger and shorter compared to the girl(s) that he falls in love with. And omg he gets TWO girls... like they really had to give him two girls that were both taller and older than him. I'm used to this garbage so it's fine, it's just a little funny how I can identify these sort of recurring themes in the game.

I had a lot of fun playing this game and constantly think about using that NG+ feature and replaying it with an attempt of playing out more of the features they placed in the game. In order to like this game, you'd probably have to be interested in the story/cutscenes somewhat, or else the rest of the gameplay might bore you.
</div>
